docs/api-keys.md, before:

# Api keys

You can find api keys in **Property -> Developers -> Api keys**

Usually, it is enough to work with a service using the user interface just like our GuestBell dashboard. However, sometimes, you need a machine or a service to interface with the system. This can be a check-in machine, room-tablet or a front desk terminal. For this reason, GuestBell has an [API](https://api.guestbell.com) - [Application programming interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface). Using this tool, you can work with any aspect of GuestBell programmatically.

In order to secure this communication, you need to send a special key as part of every request sent to the system using the [HTTPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS). This key is commonly referred to as an [Api key](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface_key).

Api key should be sent as part of Authorization header in the following form:
apiKey {yourApiKey}

You can create these keys using the modal shown on the image bellow.

![Add api key modal](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/api-keys/modal.jpg)

A _name_ can be created for an api key to help determined where it is used. You also need to assign a [Permission group](permissions.md) to the api key to limit what this connection can be used for. This works exactly the same as permissions for [employees](staff.md).

?> **Tip:** You can add expiration date to the api key. This is useful when you are working with 3rd parties.

Finally, you can access **Api Keys Details Page** by clicking the **DETAILS** button in the api keys table, you can reset an api key here, or edit it's properties.

![Api key table](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/api-keys/table.jpg)

?> **Tip:** Make it possible to easily change this key in your implementations via config files. You need to be ready to change it immediately in case your api key is compromised.

Commit message:

Advanced features and packages
Signed-off-by: Peter Kottas <petokottas@gmail.com>

docs/api-keys.md, after:

?> This is an **Advanced features**. Make sure [it's enabled](overview.md?id=advanced-features) if you cannot find it in the dashboard.

# Api keys

You can find api keys in **Property -> Developers -> Api keys**

Usually, it is enough to work with a service using the user interface just like our GuestBell dashboard. However, sometimes, you need a machine or a service to interface with the system. This can be a check-in machine, room-tablet or a front desk terminal. For this reason, GuestBell has an [API](https://api.guestbell.com) - [Application programming interface](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface). Using this tool, you can work with any aspect of GuestBell programmatically.

In order to secure this communication, you need to send a special key as part of every request sent to the system using the [HTTPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS). This key is commonly referred to as an [Api key](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application_programming_interface_key).

Api key should be sent as part of Authorization header in the following form:
apiKey {yourApiKey}

You can create these keys using the modal shown on the image bellow.

![Add api key modal](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/api-keys/modal.jpg)

A _name_ can be created for an api key to help determined where it is used. You also need to assign a [Permission group](permissions.md) to the api key to limit what this connection can be used for. This works exactly the same as permissions for [employees](staff.md).

?> **Tip:** You can add expiration date to the api key. This is useful when you are working with 3rd parties.

Finally, you can access **Api Keys Details Page** by clicking the **DETAILS** button in the api keys table, you can reset an api key here, or edit it's properties.

![Api key table](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/api-keys/table.jpg)

?> **Tip:** Make it possible to easily change this key in your implementations via config files. You need to be ready to change it immediately in case your api key is compromised.
