docs/order-groups.md, before:

# Order groups

GuestBell comes equipped with a powerful POS. It allows your guests to easily order for the catalogue of your services. Order groups makes our POS even more useful.

## Motivation

Let’s consider a simple example. Your hotel has a restaurant. Therefore you create a service group called “Restaurant”. And put all your food and drinks there.

Your guests can now order through their app, and your life got a little simpler.

Later you decide to open a Spa. That means a new service group, and a bunch of massages and procedures your guests can order.

Guests start ordering, but you quickly realize a problem.

All your orders are received by your whole staff. Therefore restaurant sees orders for massages, and employees in the spa are bothered by the food orders. Not good.

That's why we have created “Order Groups”. An easy solution for this challenge.

## How you set it up

You start by navigating to **Property -> Services -> Order groups**
![order groups](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/order-groups/order-groups.png)

Here you click the **ADD** button and the following modal appears.

![add order group modal](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/order-groups/add-modal.png)

Here you can choose the services that will belong to this group. We make this easier by allowing you to:

- **Pick Service groups** - include all services from selected service group.
- **Pick specific services** - pick services one one-by-one basis.
- **Exclude specific services** - this is useful when you have a service group that contains many services and you want to include all except for a few. You simply select the ones that you don't want here.

## How it's used

Once you set up your service group/-s, you simply assign them to your employees.

You do this in the employee details page in **Property -> Staff** where you click on the details button next to the employee you want to configure.

On this page, you use a dropdown to select the service groups said employee will have access to.
![employee details](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/order-groups/employee-details.png)

From now on, this employee will only receive notifications about services that belong to the groups you selected for him/her.

?> **Tip** You might be wondering what happens when a guest orders from 2 different order groups in one order (like food and a massage in one order). In this case, the order is simply split into two. That way, your staff will continue to have control only over the orders that belong to them.

Commit message:

Advanced features and packages
Signed-off-by: Peter Kottas <petokottas@gmail.com>

docs/order-groups.md, after:

?> This is an **Advanced features**. Make sure [it's enabled](overview.md?id=advanced-features) if you cannot find it in the dashboard.

# Order groups

GuestBell comes equipped with a powerful POS. It allows your guests to easily order for the catalogue of your services. Order groups makes our POS even more useful.

## Motivation

Let’s consider a simple example. Your hotel has a restaurant. Therefore you create a service group called “Restaurant”. And put all your food and drinks there.

Your guests can now order through their app, and your life got a little simpler.

Later you decide to open a Spa. That means a new service group, and a bunch of massages and procedures your guests can order.

Guests start ordering, but you quickly realize a problem.

All your orders are received by your whole staff. Therefore restaurant sees orders for massages, and employees in the spa are bothered by the food orders. Not good.

That's why we have created “Order Groups”. An easy solution for this challenge.

## How you set it up

You start by navigating to **Property -> Services -> Order groups**
![order groups](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/order-groups/order-groups.png)

Here you click the **ADD** button and the following modal appears.

![add order group modal](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/order-groups/add-modal.png)

Here you can choose the services that will belong to this group. We make this easier by allowing you to:

- **Pick Service groups** - include all services from selected service group.
- **Pick specific services** - pick services one one-by-one basis.
- **Exclude specific services** - this is useful when you have a service group that contains many services and you want to include all except for a few. You simply select the ones that you don't want here.

## How it's used

Once you set up your service group/-s, you simply assign them to your employees.

You do this in the employee details page in **Property -> Staff** where you click on the details button next to the employee you want to configure.

On this page, you use a dropdown to select the service groups said employee will have access to.
![employee details](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/order-groups/employee-details.png)

From now on, this employee will only receive notifications about services that belong to the groups you selected for him/her.

?> **Tip** You might be wondering what happens when a guest orders from 2 different order groups in one order (like food and a massage in one order). In this case, the order is simply split into two. That way, your staff will continue to have control only over the orders that belong to them.
