docs/overview.md, before:

# GuestBell Dashboard

Learn about using the Dashboard to operate your GuestBell account. The GuestBell Dashboard is a feature-rich user interface for you to operate and configure your property. Overview page provides useful at-a-glance information about the plan & property on your account. It also shows recent activity that may require you to take action, such as unanswered chat messages or orders.

![overview](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/overview.jpg)

## Navigating in Dashboard

The Dashboard is organized by the most common workflows used to manage your property. For example, the Property section includes everything you need to setup in order to create your smart hotel. Sections Chat, Check-ins, Orders, Reviews which are day to day routine are main items in Side bar Menu.

### Your Account and Role

GuestBell account is not bound to only one property. You can use your account to own/manage more properties or even check-in as guest to property. For example, you can be owner of Property 1, front desk staff in Property 2 and check-in as guest in Property 3.

**You can switch between roles by clicking on down arrow in the top of Side Bar Menu.**

![roles](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/switchRoles.jpg)

### Notifications

Every time your property receives new order or chat message you will be able to see notification in top right corner and also in the Side Bar Menu. If your property decides to offer guest applications in more than one language you will have to translate content for guests. You can see your multilingual content clicking on language icon in top right corner. We will also alert you if some content is missing translation. **Learn more about [Languages](languages.md).**

![notifications](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/notifications.jpg)

### Options

First top right corner icon is dedicated to Options, where you have:

- Guest Preview - wonder how guest app will look? No need to check-in yourselves into your property. Simply use this option to explore your smart property.
- Security - update/change personal details, password or add social logins and phone number
- Settings - various dashboard settings
- Exit Dashboard
- Log Out.

![options](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/optionsAccount.jpg)

### Advanced features

As GuestBell grew, we kept adding more and more features to make sure we cover all of our customers' use cases. On the other hand, it was always our goal to ensure GuestBell is easy to use/understand and quick to set up.

This is why we have added **Advanced features** switch. You can use it to disable/enable a simplified version of our dashboard.

![options](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/advancedMode.png)

Commit message:

Advanced features rename
Signed-off-by: Peter Kottas <petokottas@gmail.com>

docs/overview.md, after:

# GuestBell Dashboard

Learn about using the Dashboard to operate your GuestBell account. The GuestBell Dashboard is a feature-rich user interface for you to operate and configure your property. Overview page provides useful at-a-glance information about the plan & property on your account. It also shows recent activity that may require you to take action, such as unanswered chat messages or orders.

![overview](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/overview.jpg)

## Navigating in Dashboard

The Dashboard is organized by the most common workflows used to manage your property. For example, the Property section includes everything you need to setup in order to create your smart hotel. Sections Chat, Check-ins, Orders, Reviews which are day to day routine are main items in Side bar Menu.

### Your Account and Role

GuestBell account is not bound to only one property. You can use your account to own/manage more properties or even check-in as guest to property. For example, you can be owner of Property 1, front desk staff in Property 2 and check-in as guest in Property 3.

**You can switch between roles by clicking on down arrow in the top of Side Bar Menu.**

![roles](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/switchRoles.jpg)

### Notifications

Every time your property receives new order or chat message you will be able to see notification in top right corner and also in the Side Bar Menu. If your property decides to offer guest applications in more than one language you will have to translate content for guests. You can see your multilingual content clicking on language icon in top right corner. We will also alert you if some content is missing translation. **Learn more about [Languages](languages.md).**

![notifications](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/notifications.jpg)

### Options

First top right corner icon is dedicated to Options, where you have:

- Guest Preview - wonder how guest app will look? No need to check-in yourselves into your property. Simply use this option to explore your smart property.
- Security - update/change personal details, password or add social logins and phone number
- Settings - various dashboard settings
- Exit Dashboard
- Log Out.

![options](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/overview/optionsAccount.jpg)

### Expert mode

As GuestBell grew, we kept adding more and more features to make sure we cover all of our customers' use cases. On the other hand, it was always our goal to ensure GuestBell is easy to use/understand and quick to set up.

This is why we have added **Expert mode**. You can use it to disable/enable a simplified version of our dashboard. It can be found by clicking the "3 dots" dropdown in the top right corner.
