docs/permissions.md, before:

# Permissions
## Permissions Groups
Permission groups allow you to create different roles in your property. These roles can restrict staff access to certain area in GuestBell. (one clear example is not allowing your employee to delete the property)

**Navigate to Property -> Permission Groups**

Here you can create new permission groups using the button in the top right corner, or edit existing permission groups in the table.

![permissions](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/permissions/permissions.jpg "")

GuestBell functionality is broken into a lot of smaller parts. For example chat, check-ins, reviews ... You can configure access to these areas here. You even have fine grained control of what kind of access level do you want to allow. For example, you might want to allow all employees to see existing rooms but not allow them to delete or create new ones. 

For each combination of feature and access level you have 3 options:
- Allowed Access 
- Denied Access
- Not Set Access - can be overridden by other permission groups (Staff can have multiple permission groups)

You can assign permissions groups to your employees by navigating to
**Navigate to Property -> Staff**

![permissions staff](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/permissions/permissionsStaff.jpg "")

## My Permissions
Each user in GuestBell can check out their permissions.

![my permissions](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/permissions/myPermissions.jpg "")

Commit message:

Advanced features and packages
Signed-off-by: Peter Kottas <petokottas@gmail.com>

docs/permissions.md, after:

?> This is an **Advanced features**. Make sure [it's enabled](overview.md?id=advanced-features) if you cannot find it in the dashboard.

# Permissions

## Permissions Groups

Permission groups allow you to create different roles in your property. These roles can restrict staff access to certain area in GuestBell. (one clear example is not allowing your employee to delete the property)

**Navigate to Property -> Permission Groups**

Here you can create new permission groups using the button in the top right corner, or edit existing permission groups in the table.

![permissions](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/permissions/permissions.jpg)

GuestBell functionality is broken into a lot of smaller parts. For example chat, check-ins, reviews ... You can configure access to these areas here. You even have fine grained control of what kind of access level do you want to allow. For example, you might want to allow all employees to see existing rooms but not allow them to delete or create new ones.

For each combination of feature and access level you have 3 options:

- Allowed Access
- Denied Access
- Not Set Access - can be overridden by other permission groups (Staff can have multiple permission groups)

You can assign permissions groups to your employees by navigating to
**Navigate to Property -> Staff**

![permissions staff](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/permissions/permissionsStaff.jpg)

## My Permissions

Each user in GuestBell can check out their permissions.

![my permissions](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/permissions/myPermissions.jpg)
