docs/schedules.md, before:

# Schedules

GuestBell is capable of acting as a booking system for activities. You can easily set up activities that operate in **time-spans** (such as a massage), as well as ones that use a custom **time-range** like renting bicycles. You can enable this by navigating to your opening hours and changing the Type to either **time-span** or **time-range**. It is also recommended to tick the "Use Capacity" checkbox and configure capacity for configured opening hours. This will allow you to not only track the bookings, but also automatically manage limits for capacity.

## Visualizing activities bookings on the Schedules page

Start by navigating to **Property -> Schedules**. Use the text box on this page to find opening hours whose schedule you want to explore. Once you pick the opening hours from the dropdown, a following table will appear.

![Schedules](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/schedules/schedules.jpg)

This table contains the following areas of interest:

1. Custom date range picker - you can use this to modify the time range you are currently exploring
2. Timeline headers - you can click on these to zoom on a specific part of the table
3. Time range buttons - use these buttons to easily switch between amount of days that is shown at any given time
4. Navigation - move the timeline forward or backwards using these buttons
5. Zoom to data button - after pressing this button, all of the currently visible data will be fit to screen
6. Availability row - in this row, you can see the exact remaining availability
7. Booked row - this row shows the number of currently booked capacity in your opening hours
8. Bookings - all of the existing bookings will be shown in these rows
9. Booking - you can click on a booking to open details modal for this booking
10. Time range labels - time is shown in this table on the horizontal axis, these labels further help to find your footing

Following modal will appear once you click on a booking.

![Booking modal](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/schedules/booking-modal.jpg)

You can use the button in the bottom right corner to zoom to the selected booking.

Commit message:

Advanced features and packages
Signed-off-by: Peter Kottas <petokottas@gmail.com>

docs/schedules.md, after:

?> This is an **Advanced features**. Make sure [it's enabled](overview.md?id=advanced-features) if you cannot find it in the dashboard.

# Schedules

GuestBell is capable of acting as a booking system for activities. You can easily set up activities that operate in **time-spans** (such as a massage), as well as ones that use a custom **time-range** like renting bicycles. You can enable this by navigating to your opening hours and changing the Type to either **time-span** or **time-range**. It is also recommended to tick the "Use Capacity" checkbox and configure capacity for configured opening hours. This will allow you to not only track the bookings, but also automatically manage limits for capacity.

## Visualizing activities bookings on the Schedules page

Start by navigating to **Property -> Schedules**. Use the text box on this page to find opening hours whose schedule you want to explore. Once you pick the opening hours from the dropdown, a following table will appear.

![Schedules](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/schedules/schedules.jpg)

This table contains the following areas of interest:

1. Custom date range picker - you can use this to modify the time range you are currently exploring
2. Timeline headers - you can click on these to zoom on a specific part of the table
3. Time range buttons - use these buttons to easily switch between amount of days that is shown at any given time
4. Navigation - move the timeline forward or backwards using these buttons
5. Zoom to data button - after pressing this button, all of the currently visible data will be fit to screen
6. Availability row - in this row, you can see the exact remaining availability
7. Booked row - this row shows the number of currently booked capacity in your opening hours
8. Bookings - all of the existing bookings will be shown in these rows
9. Booking - you can click on a booking to open details modal for this booking
10. Time range labels - time is shown in this table on the horizontal axis, these labels further help to find your footing

Following modal will appear once you click on a booking.

![Booking modal](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/schedules/booking-modal.jpg)

You can use the button in the bottom right corner to zoom to the selected booking.
