docs/self-check-in-code.md, before:

# Self check-in QR codes

?> **Tip** Self check-in QR codes are only applicable if you have enabled self check-in functionality. You can find out more in [check-ins documentation](checkins.md?id=self-check-in)

You can increase the security of your app by creating these single-use check-in codes. Guests will still be able to view your app but this QR code will be required to place an order or send a chat message. This is how the setup works:

1. Start by navigating to **Property -> Check-in codes** and **create a check-in codes set** - details bellow
2. Once the set if created, you can print your QR codes
3. During check-in, hand one code to each guest
4. The QR code will take them straight to your app

## Create a check-in codes set

Navigate to **Property -> Check-in codes**, then click the create button. Following modal will appear. Use it to configure the number of qr codes you want to create in one batch.

![create](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/self-check-in-code/create.png)

?> **Tip** Notice you can limit the usage of the QR code for a specific room, number of nights or until a given date. Using a combination of these, you can create a truly secure yet simple workflow for onboarding your guests to the app.

Commit message:

Advanced features and packages
Signed-off-by: Peter Kottas <petokottas@gmail.com>

docs/self-check-in-code.md, after:

?> This is an **Advanced features**. Make sure [it's enabled](overview.md?id=advanced-features) if you cannot find it in the dashboard.

# Self check-in QR codes

?> **Tip** Self check-in QR codes are only applicable if you have enabled self check-in functionality. You can find out more in [check-ins documentation](checkins.md?id=self-check-in)

You can increase the security of your app by creating these single-use check-in codes. Guests will still be able to view your app but this QR code will be required to place an order or send a chat message. This is how the setup works:

1. Start by navigating to **Property -> Check-in codes** and **create a check-in codes set** - details bellow
2. Once the set if created, you can print your QR codes
3. During check-in, hand one code to each guest
4. The QR code will take them straight to your app

## Create a check-in codes set

Navigate to **Property -> Check-in codes**, then click the create button. Following modal will appear. Use it to configure the number of qr codes you want to create in one batch.

![create](https://static.guestbell.com/img/docs/self-check-in-code/create.png)

?> **Tip** Notice you can limit the usage of the QR code for a specific room, number of nights or until a given date. Using a combination of these, you can create a truly secure yet simple workflow for onboarding your guests to the app.
